all right folks welcome back
all right so we're looking at the s p
futures contract for june 2022 on the
left-hand side you can see that we have
a daily chart
and on the right-hand side it's a
one-hour chart so i'm only going to do
this
to like save time also bring your
attention to levels that are
sensitive on one time frame higher time
frame and how it's subordinate on the
lower time frame to those higher time
frame levels
if you don't know what i'm referring to
obviously you'll understand more as we
go through
all right so this morning i had a
short little
video that i posted
about how we had recently been in this
trading range in here
and if we were to start to move higher
and had displacement to the upside
this could have been a draw on liquidity
this is the objective i was looking for
near term if we were to break higher we
had news this morning
and unemployment data which obviously
you know given the state of affairs at
present
it's a heavy weight around the neck of
the markets so
we had a move lower
prior to
the opening at 9 30.
i talked about how
until we had some kind of displacement i
wasn't really excited about doing much
in the marketplace
i felt that
40 70
was a
nice
draw on liquidity which would be below
these routes to equal those
i posted that obviously before 9 30 a.m
so it gave you a
a target okay or my bias
so i'm thinking what if i'm pointing
down here
before 9 30
am i suggesting that we're going to go
up here or here or here
no
so i'm looking for evidence to support
the idea that i run below these relative
equal lows
is warranted
i also stated if we went below those
lows
that we would draw into
that fair value cut
now with the benefit of hindsight
obviously
i'm talking to folks that have not been
with me or they watched
only
post production or post market reviews
or things like that
it sounds like hindsight but i assure
you the folks over there on twitter
and it's time and date stamped
i don't delete any tweet and if it's a
typo it stays okay
and in my age
and my eyes failing like they are it's
probably going to be a reoccurring theme
over there that i type something
correctly
but
i'm not sweeping anything under the rug
i'm not trying to hide anything from you
i came out in video explained that i
would be more interested in seeing
this level down in here and if we did
we would draw into this area here now
that is suggesting several things number
one we're expecting the volatility or
i'm expecting the volatility
to be significant enough to take us
below these lows and if that was to
occur
then we're going to draw all the way
down into here which means what we're
going to have a small range day on the
daily chart
or a large range day
clearly a large range day
so
there was a lot of things that i laid in
your hands this morning
that
hopefully give you hope that these
things are
predictable obviously i'm not without
imperfections uh yesterday i mapped out
an idea on twitter and engaged and i
took a loss
it was a five point loss it was not a
significant loss
and in fact i called
a level later in the afternoon how i
could have easily gained that back now
when i say those things
understand
the premise okay why why am i saying
that am i saying it to beat my chest and
sound egotistical no
i wanted everyone to see what it's like
even if i do something wrong and i don't
rush out there to try to fix it
okay
because that's going to be
your initial response to you taking a
losing trade in your demo account or
worst case scenario rush into trading
live funds when none of you are ready to
do that yet now i understand there's
traders in here that are watching the
videos and you're probably profitable
when i say that you shouldn't be trading
with live funds
you shouldn't be treating with life
funds with these concepts because you're
still learning them
which i'll
end this video
with a
request from all of you so you guys can
let me know in the comment section what
you would like to see going forward i
have a suggestion and you guys are open
to give me input on that and you as a
community will let me know what it is
that we're going to be doing
all right so on the daily chart to the
left you can see we have those relative
equal lows i mentioned the draw on
liquidity was there so i was focusing
what
sell side or i had a bearish spice
i gave conditions that we went below
there it's not going to go down there to
go up it's going to go down into this
area here
so with those levels transposed over to
the hourly chart now
this level here
is this level on the daily chart
this level down here
is this level
now obviously some of you're like that's
pretty obvious but you'd be surprised
how many new students i have and they
get lost in the time frames so whatever
you're doing on your higher time frame
you want to start your annotations there
but keep them simple you want to see a
level that it's going to draw to
and or what key levels that may be a
factor for changing or
suggesting a bias is in play as i did
this morning
i said i believe we're going to go down
below here i thought that's likely to
occur
and if that does happen
we're drawing into this area here not
just
going below relative equal lows to go
higher because there's a lot of people
all around the world that are being
exposed to my content whether it be
directly from me or someone that's
learned
my concepts and have tried to create
something new
with a you know twist of their own
they're
teaching that it's always a relative
equal low or equal lows to hit those and
then go the other way that's not the
case
narrative must be understood and
narrative unfortunately requires
experience and experience is
what i'm lending you so when i'm talking
to you or if i'm pointing to something
i'm lending
my three decades of experience doing it
so that way you can hopefully grow
faster but i'm not trying to rush you
along but it's easier for a student to
be engaged when they're
shown something to anticipate something
and then they have the benefit and
enjoyment of watching it pan out in
their own charts which i think that's
the epiphany to every student under me
and i guess anyone else
when they have that moment of
astonishment where it delivers as
they're expecting or hoping to see
happen
it feels like they're in alignment with
the marketplace which is many times not
the case for retail traders and new
traders
or long-term
you know struggling traders that or
break-even is can't find their footing
and can't be profitable
it's a wonderful feeling
and
i know once you have that moment you'll
want to dig deeper
and that inspires me as a mentor too so
if you watched this pan out today
and you
expected it based on being in the
community and audience members this
morning before the market opened up with
my commentary
uh give me a heads up in the comment
section and what was it like to watch it
unfold so over here on the hourly chart
we had a
fair value gap here
swing low we had displacement we
consolidated going into midnight
last night new york time it rallied up
traded into a fair value gap here and up
into the bearish order block
so we have
this order block it touches it
you can take that trade but i'm trying
to
draw your attention to these areas here
okay where there's three candles
one candle in the middle that has an
exposed area that is not overlapped with
the previous candles low
immediate candle to the right of it so
there's that little section that we call
a fair there you go
price goes above it hits the order block
but look at the candles see how the
candles bodies
stay predominantly in between these two
levels here
so yeah there's a wick
and there's a wick but
largely the volume
is encapsulated in between these two
levels
i drew your attention here
i mentioned how we would like to go
below those lows
and then
we have an old low back here so even if
we weren't looking at my commentary or
watching it
this framework here then running to that
low is something that you should have
identified
but if you didn't it's okay you'll get
it in time
this price or level here is the opening
price at midnight new york local time
so i'm extending that out in time so now
think about what i've done so far here
before the fact
in twitter in a video
and in a post
i stated that
i'm interested in seeing these taken out
and i like 470
as an interest okay that's a draw in
liquidity so for up here
and i'm stating that i think
40 70 is interesting
your eye should go to that level and
study what is at that level
that may be of interest to me
so that way it forces you to dig into
the chart now in the beginning working
with me as your mentor this is going to
be very frustrating for some of you
because unfortunately some of you just
want it spelled out for you and i don't
teach that way
you're not going to learn that way and
i'm going to spoon feed you and you're
going to learn better
and more
productively
by you going in doing the very things
that you would be doing if you didn't
need me holding your hand which means
going into the charts looking for the
evidence and
details you know yourself
so
you had a bearish bias given to you you
had an objective a draw on liquidity
and
in the chart here i'm showing you the
framework for the daily range the
opening price at midnight
i teach they're typically if there's
going to be a down day which is what i
was suggesting
before the market opens at 9 30
we would see a bearish day and look for
a draw to 470. if that occurs
your attention should be down between
these two levels here based on that
daily chart okay
now
incorporate power three
my power three concept is the
accumulation
of shorts the manipulation of those
individuals that were already short
that's what this is here that's a judas
swing the market goes up to a short-term
premium which is high
to low
back into a premium relative to this
dealing range high and that dealing
range low then the market breaks lower
trades below the short term relative
equal lows here
retraces
consolidates a little bit breaks once
more
consolidates and then attacks the cell
side here and aggressively runs through
the 470 which is what we were
anticipating based on my commentary
before the market opened
and then we take our attention down to
here
so if you are short
you take a partial here
then you wait for the daily range to
fulfill
that means you have to submit yourself
to time
what time three o'clock to four o'clock
wait to that last hour of trading
because you'll get the delivery of price
when it trades down into that
all right now we have the 15 minute time
frame on the left-hand side and the
five-minute chart on the right
you can see how we rallied up into that
fairway gap on the hourly
we broke
down once more traded back above the
opening price at midnight here
breaks lower
consolidates
all of this we'll talk about later in
the video
then breaks once more trades up into a
fear of a gap here
breaks lower and aggressively runs into
that higher time frame daily fair value
got
on the five minute chart
you can see here we have the equities
opening
at 9 30 a.m
here and
i mentioned when we were down here i
said price
is initially showing weakness it's going
lower
traders are going to get caught short
doing that
chasing price going lower
they're gonna
reprice the 4105
there's buy side liquidity resting there
and a fair value gap the market
immediately after my post runs to that
level
i engaged that with a demo trade i
entered it
and i
took profits below that short term low
here
and then i'll teach you how i knew this
was reversing on me and saved my stop
and also took a second partial off
it routed once more
blowing out that short-term high so we
have a lot of chop in the initial
opening range
low
higher high than that high
lower low than that low
lower low again
then rally through this high
and left this fair value got
consolidated a little bit in here trade
it back down in
once more back into the opening price at
midnight which is this line here
if you're bearish you want to be going
short at or above that level or as close
as you can get to it
like this one here
okay the market drops down
between 11 o'clock and noon it
consolidates
then retraces back up
takes by side here
breaks lower returns back to
a swing low which we'll talk about in a
moment
breaks lower again aggressively runs for
that 470 level and it's off to the races
down into the daily fair bay you got
now if you look at the daily range
through the scope of a five-minute chart
here
you can see the opening price here at
midnight
prices gravitates around that
and in london
they rally and start building in a
premium ahead of the 8 30
time window
the market creates the high
breaks
takes out short-term cell side liquidity
here retraces back up into
consolidates
for the majority of the afternoon
then it breaks lower and then
aggressively attacks the
cell side below 470 and then going right
back down to that 440 level
and then hanging out and consolidating
and closing
inside that larger daily fair value got
now i want you to take a look at this
price action here we're looking at the
afternoon
so
with the morning aside because
i walked everyone through that basically
on twitter and with pre-market analysis
and commentary
the rules for a
afternoon session trade
before
you even consider trading in the
afternoon session you have to consider
what is the daily range trying to do
is it trying to expand higher is it
trying to expand lower
did it reverse
in the morning session
and is it going to have a counter trend
move or is it going to just consolidate
because it's waiting on a big news event
the following day
today we had a big news event
we had employment data
the market consolidated
and we had a bearish bias we were
looking for 40 70 based on my experience
i was generous enough to give that to
you beforehand with commentary
suggesting it would trade down to that
lower time frame fair value gap on the
ema s p's daily chart so the framework
was one-sided it was not ambiguous it
was specific about what we were looking
for
once the market started to break
after lunch when does lunch end at one
o'clock in the afternoon new york local
time
that is here
so
to 1
there is our
new york lunch
if we're bearish what did i teach you
the market will do what
it will clear the stops
during the lunch hour
what highs were formed in the lunch hour
here and prior to it going in this was
the bicep liquidity pool or short-term
high
so at one o'clock the algorithm reprices
and runs
to take the stops above the buy side
here so during the lunch hour
we're seeing that they took the stops
here
you can
if you're aggressive you can put on a
trade here because we're in a
directional move
we're trying to
anticipate a large range day in large
range days
can typically form
with a busy lunch schedule and i just
recently taught this
that the market if it's going to be a
fast market
during the lunch hour it can create
a significant higher significant low
but the premise mainly is
if you're bearish you're going to be
looking for
the highs to be swept
because they don't want
participants to be profitable that may
have assumed a short position from the
morning session
or
prior to this high forming
they may have already been short here
and instead of letting the market
release and break to lower
pd arrays in a discount market the
algorithm reprices knocks those
individuals out because it floods the
market with what buyers at a higher
price higher than what than it was here
than it was here
so
smart money utilizes this
run above the short-term high as an
influx of
buying
interest
and liquidity
that's available immediately
while the market's being priced here and
held
at that level
smart money will go in and sell
to those buyers
that their orders will be resting about
here so their stops are being tripped
their short position is being knocked
out
and
conversely there's traders that would
see that high being broken as a means of
getting long and they have a buy stop
that would trigger them getting in on a
breakout
so smart money is
cannibalizing those two types of orders
what orders are they
buy side liquidity
so the counterparty to their short has
to have
buying interest that buying interest is
being engineered by the algorithm and it
runs up here
so smart money goes short here
with the expectation that they can take
off
a portion here
back to an old low of 470
and then 440 and then into that fair
value gap on the daily chart
now
sticking to the rules of the model i'm
trying to teach you if you do not trade
during the lunch hour that's fine you're
going to wait until
after lunch before i set up the form
those of you that have been studying my
channel here on youtube
you understand that this swing low here
to a higher high
than that of here
is a breaker
okay that's my ict bearish breaker
what is a breaker a breaker is a pattern
where price runs out
a pool of liquidity in this case is a
buy side liquidity pool
and then it reverses and trades back
down below that short-term low
if it trades back up to that and the
narrative is bearish
notice that it's not just simply we have
this pattern here and that's all it is
no you must know what the market's
likely to be reaching for if you leave
that out
it's not a breaker
it's a gamble it's a guess
it's a speculation
that's aimless
notice the difference there
so this down closed candle the lowest
one prior to move up clearing that
short-term high and i teach this on the
youtube channel so
if you've already gone through the 2022
mentorship videos and you're caught up
you're welcome to go through the other
videos as well but
i'm trying to keep your focus in this
series because it's very easy for you to
go into other series on this youtube
channel
and get inundated with things and create
so many questions that
will feel like they are pertinent to
this model and they're not okay but i'm
just giving you a comprehensive view of
what it is i look at in price
what i'm judging whether or not is it
likely to continue going lower and as
price starts to move back up in this
level i would expect and anticipate that
level repelling price and go lower
and then be aggressive about trading
below that because there's sell side
there and then not going below this low
here to go higher we want to see it go
through there and accelerate going down
it wants to run quickly for that 40 70
level because there's larger pool
liquidity below that
and then aggressively run into that fair
value gap on the daily chart because
that's the imbalance that the algorithm
is going to want to reprice too
in the afternoon obviously you can see
post breaker being traded too
heaviness falls
below 40 70 and then accelerates see
that see how fast it accelerates down
small little consolidation no
retracement
no return back to an old low broken
support becomes resistance forget about
it this is an algorithmic cell day
retail doesn't get to do a lot of those
retail concepts you either are on board
beforehand or you watch the ship sail
off without you
okay and that's basically what you end
up seeing here in the price of 440
it gets traded through and back into
that daily fair value gap as i mentioned
would be the likely target for today
all right so this brings me to the point
of the video i promised everyone on
twitter that i would touch on
and
i did a little bit of a rant on
saturday i took my car out for a spin
and you all got to see what it's like to
be around ict
where i don't have the benefit of having
the
camtasia studio
editing out because there's a lot of
times while i'm making these videos
that things in the house will go on my
kids will interrupt me my dogs will come
in and bust in the door and you want me
to play with them
or i'll say something wrong
and get upset about
doing something incorrectly while i'm
producing the video so they're like uh
you know
human traits
you know i'm i'm a human being i make
choices sometimes that aren't the best
ones and sometimes you know i'm prone to
have chemical imbalances because i'm
bipolar and i don't make any excuses for
that i don't make any
uh
attempt to hide it because i know if you
spend time with me long enough you'll
notice it so during the rant i gave on
the twitter spaces
i guess it's like a podcast feature to
try to build up on that platform
i tested it out this weekend and i
mentioned that i would
share with you all
the model i'm teaching my son caleb
i'm not afraid to teach it to you i'm
not trying to hide it from you okay but
i wanted to make sure he had some
foundation to what it is he's trying to
do
and i wanted to spend time with him
and figure out like because of his
characteristics
you know what's his concerns what's his
fears
what's his comfort level is he trying to
you know
trade the whole daily range or if you're
trying to get in and out real quick
small little pieces
that type of
personality
you know inquiry that you have to do as
a trader too
you don't take a model because you see
somebody else doing well with it and say
i'm going to do that because if it
doesn't match your personality if it
doesn't match the way you see and engage
price action you'll never make it work
for you
okay
so
i'm aware of that i'm cognizant of that
effect on
individuals learning things not just
this but anything
but with something so technical as this
in this industry with
as many as
we have in terms of variables for
choices what to do
you know think about all the indicators
that are out there think about all the
the trading styles and methodologies and
teachers and their respective
personalities
so you have to be able to number one be
able to put up with them
and listen to them to learn from them
and sometimes i'm off-putting like i
can't
retain the attention of everyone
and or
they don't like my teaching style or
they don't have any faith in me or
whatever
i'm not gonna
scratch the itch for everyone
but
for those that sit down here and they
want to learn from me
obviously you've seen live accounts
being utilized this year my son
started trading in the first week of may
of this year
he started trading a live account
and he opened up with amp
futures
and
i'm not repping them i'm not saying
anything for you to go and open up an
account with them
but i have been asked
are they a good broker
i
can only report the fact that he has not
reported
any issues with his fills being
executed
and done professionally
the only issue there was was they
weren't happy with the fact that i was
sharing one of his statements that he
emailed me
and
they asked him to ask me and me to take
it down so i took it down
but i can talk about the numbers okay so
here's what he did he had a equity low
of 2810
and
in a matter of a number of weeks until
just at present
he didn't do any trades today okay we
were observing i was teaching i did
trades myself
but he was observing he's in this
the position of
spectating not speculating today because
i wanted him to understand that the
the large range day can creep in like it
did in the afternoon
and it may not look so clear in the
morning but we were looking at it with
that lens and i was showing that
beforehand in the marketplace and in the
commentary on twitter
but he's at 18 300 plus
so
in the course of like four weeks
you know that's about 400 return
so that's in my opinion
you know that's
a remarkable growth
that that
shows obviously
he knows what he's looking for he knows
what he wants to do
he wants to obviously grow his account
he wants to build it up
and not try to hit grand slam home runs
and
because he works at a
low paying job
it's real easy to hit that threshold
that he earns on a weekly basis so
when i sat down with him
one of the things i felt was imperative
was he has a very short
attention span he's easily distracted so
i wanted to give him a model that gave
him a very low threshold for
a
return of points or pips and since we
settled in on the index futures market
for him
it ignores
the spread issues that are going to be a
plague for
traders that are using forex
it's
a professional market it's a very liquid
market the e-mini s p
and
its
systematic in the way it delivers price
so if i can sit down with him
i want to take him to the chart at a
specific time of day
with a specific logic in mind
and then
have him hopefully
see a pattern that repeats it may not
form that day he sits down then he has
to
just move to the sidelines and do
nothing
that
choice
to say i don't see it today
and then if something forms after the
charts get closed
or
if the trader moves away from the charts
and they come back later on and they see
it moved a certain way
that fear of missing out
you need to squash that quickly in the
beginning and the only way you do that
is by back testing and seeing how many
times these things form
so
while we did that together
because i'm his father and i'm literally
next to him like i'm next to him
giving him my experiences as close as i
can possibly be
next to doing it you know what i mean
like i'm sitting here acting like the
internal voice for him i'm saying okay
what do you see here
what do you see there what happens if
you did this and what happens if you did
that
where would you think price is going to
go so i'm literally being the internal
dialogue
that
30 years of experience would have
spoke to him internally
so
he has that inside advantage okay that
that
that home field advantage if you will
he's pushing the buttons obviously and
if he elects to do nothing based on what
i'm asking about in the chart
sometimes the market moves he's not in
it sometimes he does something and the
market does something against him and he
has that
decision of
do i let the stop loss get hit or do i
just bail now and figure out what it is
that i did wrong or what i'm
uncomfortable about
so
it may not be the ideal learning
conditions for everyone but i know
where i'm leading him
i need him to be prepared to obviously
look for a specific element in price
action and it's algorithmic okay i'm not
sitting down with him with anything
retail i'm not filling his head up with
you know bull flags and bigger flags and
when they fail
because i teach my you know price action
students to look for those types of
things i'm not teaching him trend lines
i'm not even bringing any of that stuff
in i'm taking him right to the brass
tacks of what it is that the algorithm
is going to do
because i only want him to be a
one-trick pony
right now that's all he needs to be able
to feel confident to leave his job
so i said i would teach it i said i
would show it to you so i'm going to
kind of give you the loose framework you
know what it is that i try to teach him
what he's looking for those types of
elements
but before i get into it
i want to remind the viewers because
this might be the first video you came
across with my content
so i want
all of you and to be reminding those of
you that have lost this in the
conversation throughout these videos
that price is delivered by an algorithm
okay
there is no buying and selling pressure
that is something that they use as a
excuse for what the market does
and or doesn't do
and algorithmic theory is based on time
and price
now
time and price
when i wrote this algorithm
coding it
leans heavily on the time element
okay what what does that mean what time
of day
what day of week
what week of month
what month of year
what seasonal influences so there's
several factors i'm encoded in the
algorithm that will seek these
reoccurring phenomenon
that can be capitalized on by those
individuals that know what it is that
they're
hunting
okay that little billboard that flashes
uh hey it's time for you to engage now
okay that signal that pattern that set
up that framework whatever you want to
call it
the moment right before you push a
button
that's
what i'm trying to take his attention
into okay i'm taking all the other
distractions away and i want him to go
right in and look at that specific
element
price levels are useless until time is
considered
just because it's trading at your
favorite price level this is the reason
why support resistance is a fallacy
there's many instances that anyone can
go back in hindsight and say here is
where this line
worked and it repelled price up or down
do it live
consistently pick the right level
consistently
and that's the problem that retail
traders have i went through that same
thing
i couldn't pick the right support
resistance level even the higher time
frame ones because
sometimes you'll have a move
where it'll go up hit a level that would
be otherwise viewed as resistance
and then it starts to go down and then
it goes one more time up higher higher
and then higher high takes my stop and
then i'm afraid to go back in and go
short right you've all experienced that
i did the same stuff in the 90s
1992 1993 1994
all those types of
fearful events of getting stopped out
and then abandoning my opinion about
what i thought the market was going to
do
and instead of saying okay
the framework's still valid i just had
the entry wrong let me go back in with
less risk this time
less leverage this time
and see if it pans out
but like most of you and everybody else
those stop out events create fear and
anxiety and uncertainty
so
that's why
time has to be considered first
because the algorithm is going to start
working a specific macro that means a
short order of things that it will do as
instructions
it's going to seek a specific level move
to a premium move to a discount
suddenly move or
consolidate and wait for another time
element in that same trading day or
trading week
or month
okay so that's the reason why
i i'm teaching you that that element of
time is crucial
your inability to know
everything that there is to know about
time
is going to be the area where it which
you
will have the largest growth in
but you'll have the initial
adversities
when
when when when when to do this when to
do that
when
going through the motions of what it is
i'm teaching you
it'll happen for you that you understand
why certain things are occurring at a
specific time
and i can't articulate it any better
than that it's just a matter of
doing it
sitting with me every week
looking at what is i'm trying to share
taking your attention to a specific
price level
over time
your your eyesight
your understanding
the visibility
the perception of price
will be dialed in you'll know what it is
i'm doing
because you've done it with me for days
weeks and months okay
time is of no use unless price is at a
key pd array
okay just because it's time for you to
be able to sit in front of the charts
it doesn't mean anything
unless it's at a tpd array
so in other words
blending the two
yields astonishing results and the
precision that i share with you i've
done
a plethora of examples proving precision
proving
prognostication forecasting
objectives targets the whole business
okay
it's not my aim or goal to try to do
magic tricks for you
okay
i i don't want to be out here trying to
be david copperfield of the markets and
say here watch this
sleight of hand and are you amazed by
that are you amazed
my task is i'm making you a wizard
okay i'm teaching you the craft
i'm not up here performing for you i try
to make it as engaging as i can
to keep the attention span on those that
are very limited
and bored easily i try to
you know get their attention quick with
little things that will draw their
attention
and hopefully keep them engaged long
enough for the effects of learning
properly
to take
root so
if you look at this price action that's
been staring at you
does anything stand out on this chart
if you're a new student to price action
or if you're a new student to me
a lot of these things that you're
looking at here in terms of the price
action
all the movements and such
it looks like a foreign language you've
never learned how to read
well if you're looking at price action
like this it looks
like it has no reason for doing what
it's doing
it's completely random
and one of the fun things i get the
experience as a mentor with the insight
that i have
being in a position where i have done a
lot of the
producing
of these things
and the authorship of it
i get the benefit and pleasure of
watching people
get blown away by
the incredible detail
that this algorithm repeats and follows
if we take
all of the noise away from just
all this back and forth movement
and we add
just a little bit of lipstick
suddenly we have a lot more to work with
what's the first element to algorithmic
theory
price
or time
time
so time
begins in the morning session for us as
a
index futures trader
at 8 30. that's when the news embargo
lifts that means at 8 30 that's when
there's usually a news event or some
kind of economic report that comes out
at 8 30 new york local time
so that's the reason why i tell you to
set your clocks
on your trading view platform
here to the local time in new york
this candle right here is the 8 30
candle in new york time
this morning i outlined how i felt that
we would likely see the market move
to a
liquidity pool a specific liquidity pool
and it would draw down
and attack the sell side
i teach my son to look for
setups that are going to target a
specific pool of liquidity
it means i have to have
a clear
idea where the market's likely to go up
for buy side or down for sell side
i'm not trading a support and resistance
idea i'm not looking to go to a level to
watch it repel away that's not what i'm
doing
that's a fallacy that's the reason why
retail traders
drop the ball so many times and or blow
their accounts and never find
consistency because they're trying to
force something that is designed to fail
i don't know why it's so hard for people
to acknowledge
when they
are met with extreme adversities trying
to force retail logic to work can you
make money with retail concepts yes
yes you can if you understand how to
reprice like i'm teaching it if you did
those types of things
without understanding why the market
should do what it's doing why is price
booking the way it is
what does that mean why is price going
to these specific levels at the time
it's doing it
there's a logic behind that
and for some that want to say
there is no technical science
you know at some point you know
when does it stop becoming useful all of
it's useful
every tiny minute little fluctuation in
these price movements
are absolutely controlled engineered and
premeditated
either
by ai
artificial intelligence that's the
algorithm it's following the code that's
been written for it
or
there are times when manual intervention
comes in and they will send price to a
specific price level sometimes it's
going to be abrupt
and
aggressive and it may not be fun or
pleasurable being a part of that move
other times it will be exhilarating
because you were on the right side
when those
moments of
intervention occur that's a manual
intervention that means someone is
literally going in and manipulating
price to do a specific thing what would
that be like
fomc
a rate announcement something to that
effect
and the market will reprice aggressively
quickly to a
price that's well outside
the scope that would be reasonably
expected for that short term
perspective
big explosive price movement
the economic calendar is useful in that
respect because you can go in and see
where these events are likely to form
so i'm looking for days
in my son's model where he can go in
and engage price
when there is a medium or high impact
news event
or
if there is a lack of one
he can practice but he shouldn't be
engaging with his normal risk percentage
okay
so the first element is time
so at 8 30 in the morning that's when a
news embargo lists that's the first
element of time that i taught you with
this model
the second one is 9 30.
okay that's right here
the first here
at midnight new york local time that
opening price is here
did the market rally above that opening
price
at 8 30
yes
are we bearish i proved this morning i
was expecting lower prices i preferred
lower prices
so that means we're above the opening
price at midnight so my power 3 concept
is
you want to be shorting at or above the
opening price at midnight in new york
local time if you're trying to capture
movement on the daily range
on a down day
so
that opening price look what happens we
run up
take out short-term highs
here
that's a short-term run on liquidity
who's going to have stops at that one
minute
anybody that would have put a stop loss
in on these lower time frames there's
traders that are doing that all the time
the algorithm is not aware of how much
volume rests above or below
a high or low that's
penetrated it has no
understanding of that
it doesn't need it
for folks that are
perplexed by that statement and i've
said it several times in the past
ever play a video game
how about pac-man i'm a child of the 70s
i was born 1972
august 8th 7 11 p.m
see that 7 11. lucky 7-eleven
i came in the world with some luck
didn't i
so
when you're looking at a game like
pac-man okay what keeps pac-man
inside the boundaries of those lines
that make up the maze that it runs
around and collects and eats those dots
until it gets to a power dot or
chased down and killed by the ghosts
the program language keeps him limited
the play board or game maze
has limitations
those limitations are programmed
as such
every video game today they have a map
okay fortnite
call of duty
battlefield
all that
genre of video game
creation
all those maps or territories that the
player gets to enjoy and explore they
have limitations
okay
the daily range has those limitations
programmed into it as well
until
manual intervention is brought in and
those
initial boundaries are removed
okay so think of price like that
so
if you know that we're likely to see
that in terms of like an analogy we're
at at 8 30 we're above the opening price
at midnight we ran a short term high
here
the algorithm doesn't care how many
orders we're above that it doesn't care
it just has to take out a short term
high it does so it's at a premium it
took out buy side so what is it likely
to do now because we're in a bearish day
and we're above the opening price and
it's at 8 30.
reprice for what
sell side where sell side
this level down here
or what 4100 big figure 4100
level
so there's liquidity resting below that
what kind of liquidity if markets
price is here
and
sell side is here it's old lows
there's sell side below that so market
price is here
relative equal lows
in the past
is this level here
go back in the beginning the video okay
you don't understand what that level is
then
that liquidity
is sell side we're at a premium here
this would be a discount because market
price is here or here
anything below is what discount
so
the algorithm goes from buy side
liquidity at 8 30 on a bearish day above
the opening price
wait for the market to trade lower it
does
short term low
see that swing low trades through it
creates a fair value gap
rally back up to it
sell short with the expectation is going
to run to sell liquidity this is what
i'm teaching my son to do at 8 30.
that's all he's trying to capture there
in this move
he may not run all the way to the sell
side
he's going to get his five points
once he does he's stopping
he gets out and then he watches the move
go to the sell side of cody pool
why am i telling him to get out five
points number one five points is very
very easy i think that that is the
lowest threshold
of points a setup should hopefully yield
if you're trying to do anything less
than that
you're doing ultra short-term scalping
and the commission costs will kill you
it ain't worth doing and
i think five points is an easy threshold
you can do it once in the morning you
can do it once in afternoon even on a
really weird choppy day
you could
reasonably pull out five points if you
have the experience
you don't have that experience yet
so let me put that in your mind right
now because i don't want you thinking
well i'm going to go out there tomorrow
and do what i see you said i've only
been trading for a week so i think he's
really convinced me and i can pull this
off and it's going to be ten points a
day for me five in the morning five in
the afternoon this is gonna be cakewalk
i'm not sure this put in my two weeks
into this now until the boss pound sand
no
no no no don't do that you're not ready
but if that's a goal for you start
working towards it
so
over time my expectation is that my son
will have a better understanding what
he's doing and those five points he'll
have
hopefully learn to take a portion off at
five points and then hold
for that liquidity pool to be hit and
because of doing that very thing he's
rewarding himself initially while he's
learning so he engages him it shows that
he can make more money doing this than
his job
okay that does not mean that you can do
more than your job i'm saying this is my
son he has me as his father i'm sitting
with him i'm coaching him i'm telling
him what he should be focusing on i'm
questioning why he isn't focusing on
other things so i'm actually
like co-piloting him you know i'm giving
him you know
visual and
audible clues as to what he should be
using to navigate price
so don't think for a moment folks that
he sat down you know and did like a
couple days of talks with daddy and now
he's out there making 400 gains from
ezekiel up to where it is now that that
is not what took place okay
he has the benefit of me sitting with
him talking to him okay
much in the same vein that i did with
you all this morning on twitter where i
said this is what i'm looking at these
are the levels i'm looking for if this
breaks i think we're going down to that
level i'm doing that on a
minute-by-minute basis with caleb
so he's
literally
driving a car with me talking about
every pothole
every potential hazard that's coming
i'm reading the mind of all the drivers
around us and telling him what they're
going to do before they do it
so it's it's
it's a totally immersive experience for
him
and
admittedly it's
a little intimidating for him it's too
much at some times and we have to repeat
certain things or he gets confused or
he's apprehensive or reluctant to do
something or he second guesses something
so you know all those types of things
that any human being would have
you know with dad's expectation to learn
how to do this
and also you're dealing with real money
so
i'm teaching him to respect
what to do and when it's wrong he feels
it
it's not a matter of
well you know i can reset a demo account
no this is real money
so when he sees the money going up in
his account he feels that
good feeling
if he has entered a trade and it's
drawing down on him he's feeling that
now i know what i'm looking at i know
what i'm
expecting he doesn't so i'm allowing him
to experience those things but five
points i think is a reasonable low
threshold
over time he will
by default learn to trade with more than
five points but i gotta give him
something to hit that it's easy that
low-hanging fruit
approach that's how i teach
just like i taught on baby pips when i
first came out
25 pips a week
you should be aiming for that and when
you get it stop
does that mean when you're trading 10
years from now that's all you're gonna
do no
people that have been highly critical of
me they like to take the things i say
out of context and make a straw man
argument about it and they have no idea
what i'm
doing with the new student i'm targeting
a audience that is trying to do
something that's going to give them
encouragement feel like they're they're
progressing
and
don't think for a moment that five
points just once a day isn't good
because you could literally
do very very well think about it this
way
if you just did five points in the email
asap one contract and never engaged
money management to the degree where you
start parlaying it up and start doing
two contracts and then two contracts
becomes four contracts eventually and
then eventually you treat me if you just
did one contract
okay so calm down for a second and just
listen to me for a moment
if you just did one contract
of the mini
s p that means one point
in your favor or against you is worth
fifty dollars now fifty dollars
times five
that's 250 dollars a day
if you did that consistently
once every single day
that's 25 handles or points a week
that's 1250 a week
i'm quite certain after polling my
audience
on twitter which isn't my entire
audience obviously i have a lot of
people there's a lot of people that
actually leave comments on my video on
youtube
that i can see that they're a subscriber
and i can also see the comments that are
left by subscribers
usually
i answer the questions that people
present to me if they're a subscriber
because it's kind of like a little perk
because i
i have like a goal
i want a million subscribers i'm going
to lie to you i want to have a million
subscribers on this channel and
i'm surprised and
really honored and
humbled that so many of you
subscribed to this channel and i mean
some viewers i thought by the end of the
year i could have had 250 000 but now
you know i'm almost
you know
on my way to
300 000 before i know it you know this
this channel could be in a year or two
at my goal of a million subscribers
but
folks that follow me and they leave
comments
if it's a comment that i want to address
i usually will respond to those that
have that little mark next to their name
you can't really see it but i can
because it's the
channel i'm the owner of the channel so
i can see who's commenting with a
follow
and if you follow me
i appreciate that i thank you for that
but
i don't want
any of you to
think that you're going to make five
points every single day
for instance
i took a loss of five points yesterday i
could have easily went back in and made
four times that later in the afternoon
but
that's just me
you
don't have that skill set in confidence
yet that okay if you take a loss and you
took five points as a draw down
you're going to want to go back in and
do it right away whereas i can and i
chose not to
because i want you to feel like okay
it's okay
and i even proved that i can call a move
even in the afternoon
i said this is where it's going to go
i'm pointing to a specific level and
went to it
i said that we would run out the lows
and we would break a trend line that
retail thinks is
you know noteworthy and they destroyed
it
go back and look at the comments on
twitter i don't delete a single tweet
zero
so
i'm laying breadcrumbs down for you but
i'm not going to spoon feed you you're
going to earn it here and that makes
some of you angry it frustrates some of
you
and
no amount of frustrated replies to me or
you know
pointed statements
are gonna is gonna make me change the
way i do it
because
once you earn this skill set you will
not
regret what you went through to get it
and you will treasure it you'll
appreciate it
it's not like reading a book that
teaches you a magic trick and then you
want to go around telling everybody how
to do the magic trick versus getting
good at doing the magic trick
there's a difference there okay
so
what i teach my son to do is at 8 30 he
looks for a setup like this if it's if
it's a bear scenario he's looking for
liquidity below the marketplace
and he's looking for some type of
framework where it gives a fair value
gap that is his pattern that's what he
settled in on
and
we're gonna run to liquidity and if it
gives him five points he's out even if
the framework allows for 30
points
he's getting out at five
now i already know some of you hot shots
has been doing it for a while or like to
be critical or troll me and you just run
your mouth
oh this guy
he's telling his son it could move 30
points but he's getting out at five
points who does that someone that's
never traded live money before that's
who's doing it okay someone that's
already made 400 some percent
in one month
that's who's doing it okay
someone that hasn't had a losing day
in weeks
that's who's doing it
so sit down take notes or move along
in the afternoon
there's a setup as well we'll get into
that in a moment but the next area of
opportunity
is the 9 30 hour
okay so equity is open at 9 30
and this is one i outlined
the market was down here
i mentioned on twitter i said okay they
opened it up at 9 30
initially started sending it lower
and we'll talk about that in a couple
minutes of what that was and
what information could be gleaned from
that but i said that
they're going to take price up into the
fair value gap
and also clear
4105.
it's all time and date stamped folks you
can go back on twitter
take a look at it it's there
it's undeniable it's not ambiguous it's
very specific
look at the time on your chart
it's here
i'm saying it 4105 that's where the buy
side liquidity is that's where the stops
are and it's a fair value gap there it's
going to reprice there and then you're
gonna see the move the real move for the
day
market drops from there i went short on
a demo account
and as price went below this low i
tweeted first go back and look at the
little recording okay i'm not in here
because there's people already going
around in other forums and other social
media saying i'm trying to pump and dump
because they don't have a big audience
they think i'm going to go out there and
say something hopefully create some kind
of movement in the marketplace and then
i'm going to get out before i say i'm
getting out
no
i literally record myself saying
pay the trader
and then i go in and i take my partial
as it goes below here go and watch the
video
so i'm not doing any of those types of
things folks okay
i'm going to be
your
best friend
i'm gonna be the best friend you could
ever have in these markets if you just
simply relax and trust me
i'm here to help you
i'm not here to ask anything of you
except for subscribe you know that's
like a trophy for me if i get a million
subscribers i want to have that
i'll put the work in to earn it
but
i'm not asking you to pay for anything
i'm not asking you
to worship me and cheer my name and all
that stuff none of that i just want you
to have fun to hang out with me
that's it because i promise if you do if
you put the work into this stuff
and hang out every single day show up
every single day even if you don't
understand it if you feel like you got
confused about what it is i'm doing
keep showing up
every single day that discipline will
yield results each one of you gonna have
a different
timeline is when you're gonna get it
i don't have a deadline i don't have a
i'm stopping when it gets this date
i'm here now okay
i'm enjoying myself i'm having fun and
hopefully you guys are having fun too
but this setup here eventually came back
and ran back above the short-term high
and ran here
so we went one more time where above the
new york midnight opening price
so we're at a premium and above the
opening price at midnight
and consolidates in here and then it
breaks down and later on in the
afternoon we'll see what it does
now if you watch the video
you can see that i actually entered in
here went short i was aiming for this i
had
a
objective of taking two contracts off
here
so
it went below that i tweeted take
partials or pay the trader first then i
went into my demo account and closed out
the two as it went below that low
so i was managing
your expectations i was showing you what
to do with your demo account if you were
doing anything and engaging and then i
did my version of it so i was given the
instructions first
and then when the market started going
up
i outlined this order block here it
started to repel away from that i
actually mentioned i wanted to see price
stay below this level here all i did was
extend this and then mentioned that uber
taken order block here was problematic
i had anticipated if you watch on there
in that short term video
i had pulled up the
partial close of three more contracts
and my stop i hadn't moved except for
moving the break even a little bit
better than break even after i took the
partial here
and then once it went above this order
block here that's when i closed three
more contracts before the stop also hit
now i could have closed the entire order
but to me that would feel like panic
okay
i don't mind a stop loss getting hit
because that's teaching you
that's
what they're paid to do you're paying a
stop loss to do its job
i'm not worrying about price going
higher than my stop loss
but if i have an ability to take
something off before the stop is going
to go there and maybe maybe it goes
close to the stop loss and it doesn't
hit it
i've taken something off which was that
initial
partial here plus three more contracts
and i had a remaining three contracts
that got stopped out better than even
so
i didn't scratch on any position
i didn't take in my opinion large enough
position off
down here in retrospect but
that's how it's going to be for you
now the question is going to be this
why did i pick this candle
why was i concerned about it when it
went above it
and why did i close
the three contracts
when it went above that how did i know
it was reversing basically what you're
asking
now
if you look at this sell side liquidity
pool we have outlined here that was
explained on twitter it's also been
shown on this video here at the
beginning of the video so if you look at
the liquidity up here the old lows we
went below that so south side's been
tapped here
then it went lower and created a
relative equal lows here creating what
another level of sell side below that
went below that
so we now have another low formed here
what's resting below that sell side
people are always trying to buy lows
they're trying to pick bottoms
so the sell side gets taken once more
here
and then
this low gets taken here so notice
what's occurring
we went below cell side here here
here
here here and here
without moving very much
notice that
so
after we've taken buy side liquidity
here
it should have been off the races and
went lower
and this should have capped price on the
upside because it's an up-close candle
institutional overflow my rules for
teaching that to you is if we're bearish
and overflow is bearish
this should have stopped price like it
did here it should have maybe touched it
one more time here or just bumped above
that short-term high and then went
aggressively lower it did not do that
that's why if you watch the video of me
actually doing the trade
i actually pull up the order to take
three off because i'm watching to see if
this is going to fail
because it didn't tear off and take that
low out
because it was reaching back up in this
order block and then started going into
it i knew i was going to get smoked on
the stop
so it would be easier for me to just
take partial
three off which i had pulled up on my
chart ready to go versus just clicking
the
closing the entire trade which in my
opinion
wouldn't be as
instructional for you
because i want to show you how you can
still many times take something off
again and it might not hit your
stop-loss and then it resumes going in
your favor and hopefully you can add
those three contracts or whatever the
portion would have been if you had taken
the trade put them back on at it you
know as a pyramiding type thing
but because we took this up close candle
out that was problematic because we had
multiple levels of sell side taken below
the original sell side liquidity that
was
outlined in the beginning of the day on
twitter
so in short what should have happened
was
we ran the buy side here
that should have been the high of the
day and then it broke lower but because
it took out this candle here
after taking multiple levels of cell
side what's the algorithm going to do
seek by side where is it now above this
high here
so it's doing that run up here and then
back above midnight opening handle
price
at opening new york local time at
midnight
and in the afternoon
if my son has taken a trade in the
morning
and was profitable he'll do another
trade in the afternoon
he's aiming for either 8 30 or 9 30 for
his morning session move if he gets his
five points at 8 30 he won't trade at 9
30. if he misses something at 8 30 he'll
try at 9 30.
either or he's trying to do one time in
the morning now he can take a a loss at
8 30 then he can try to make it back
with the 9 30 set up
if he misses the 9 30 setup or takes a
loss in the morning
he can trade the afternoon
if he makes money in the morning i tell
him paper trade or demo trade the
afternoon
okay
why
why not push your edge if you have an
edge ict if your son's so good and he's
doing what he's being taught to do
why shouldn't he be trading every
session move because i'm not teaching
him to be greedy i'm teaching him
discipline
because if he can see that he can make
more and chooses not to do it
there's a certain measure of
confidence
assurity
contentment
knowing that
you can go in these markets anytime and
get it
and that
fact that understanding that realization
is a piece of mind that keeps
me from going in and over trading it
keeps me from going in and doing more
than it's necessary and it never allows
me to fear and keeps me from ever
fearing that these things are going to
stop working
like i understand that i get lots of new
students
and they see what i'm doing and they're
afraid that all these people that are
following me are somehow going to break
the market because they're all doing the
same thing
no
because you're going to find setups that
are going to be different than i'm
entering and i can do a lot other things
that aren't even in charts
so i'm not worried about
these things failing because i taught
more people to deal because
if you look at the folks on my twitter
feed that are just you know subscribing
to me and they're looking at everything
i say and they think that's a code word
for take a butt or take a sell and
that's they're rushing in to take a
trade they need to be slowing down
there's always going to be people out
there that just because they're being
exposed to this content they're not
going to be disciplined enough and
they're going to be people that come to
this youtube channel
and they are watching these videos and
they're studying the concepts and
they're never going to make it work for
themselves not because they don't work
but because they're doing things with
them
in an undisciplined manner
they're doing things willy-nilly they're
trying to
you know recreate the wheel because they
want to be able to say they did
something
they made something they created it it's
their authorship it's their concept it's
their thing their model their
approach to
what they learned from me
because it's clout
they want cloud clout is the thing
everybody wants right now clicking the
buttons watch my videos come to my
channel you know that type of thing
attention to me
and
those types of people aren't going to be
the successful ones the ones that don't
care about being looked at or cared to
be followed
they're going to be probably the best
out of the entire
fold here
because that's how it is in my private
group the ones that are the most quiet
they're the ones that are doing it the
best
they're not trying to make an image on
themselves they only care about the
results and their results are
significant enough for them
not to look for outward
you know
approval
but in the afternoon
what was the time i taught you
in this
mentorship when is the afternoon session
for pm session trading in index futures
after lunch but specifically what time
1 30. so at 1 30
right here we're leaving an area of buy
stocks that have been taken it's
breaking down then the market returns
back to a bearish breaker there then it
starts to go lower we have displacement
here
that could have been an entry there
once more low taken here and now we have
wealth of equal lows
they are broken there see that this is
what i'm training my son to see
this is a valid setup
but i'm looking for these types of
things for him because look what this is
this low this low and this low what's
resting below that
sell side liquidity
on a bearish day so does it want to
drive down into that it does
does it create an imbalance there it
does
does it trade back up into it yes
that's where he's going to be selling
short
and he's looking for his five points
and then he's watching and studying does
it go to that 40-70 level that i was
talking about does it go down to that
daily fair value gap that i was talking
about before the market opened this
morning
and those things will deposit
pseudo experience
that over time results into real
experience and then he can lean on those
instances of experience where he's been
here before
he's not intimidated if he's done it
wrong
he's not fearful that the market's
changing the way it does things because
he's now suddenly profitable
and it has a you know series of losing
trades or whatever
he's not losing his mind because
he has taken a trade that he felt was
lined with
likelihood and
probabilities in his favor but then
failed
he's not discouraged by that
because he knows that these things
repeat
so
best case scenario
there's three opportunities for him a
day
he's looking for just one of them to
yield five points
if he does
he makes more than half of his weekly
salary on that one trade
he's trying to do that
once in the morning
once in the afternoon he's taking a live
trade in one or the other
but once he gets one live trade
he's trying to condition himself to do
demo
or he'll paper trade it whatever
just watch it observe
but he's not trying to
do three trades a day
initially i forced him into doing that i
said take a trade in the morning take a
trade in 8 30 take a trade at 9 30 take
a trade at the afternoon and then take
and also sometimes at three o'clock to
four o'clock that market on closed macro
that runs by the algorithm
there's a little setup that forms most
days of the week
in that last hour
it looks similar to this
it might be a buy day it might be a buy
setup not just a short setup but
i'm taking you into specific times of
the day time
i'm taking him to the market at these
times
okay if you have not been paying
attention this video i've literally laid
in your lap
the very moments that these setups are
forming
it's up to you to go through your charts
and find out if that is true
the lazy
won't do it
they want to be told what to do
they don't want to go in and roll their
sleeves up and find it but once you see
this
once you see it and you back test and
you pull out with example after example
after example of how the market sets up
like this and it runs to liquidity above
or below the marketplace
count how many times
over the last
month
three weeks two weeks one week
how many setups offered five points with
something just like this at these key
times of the day
and then do the math
if you could just do one half of that
or just one quarter of that with one
mini
it's real easy to see how
it's just a matter of time
before that thing you call a job
no longer is a hindrance to you because
it is a hindrance to you
where you have your faith
chained to their bosses
generosity
they're so generous that they make you
work those 40 hours sometimes more
to get that paycheck
that uncle sam gets the tax before you
touch it
and you come out
and find out that everything's
much more expensive today
when you have this skill set folks i
want you to understand what i'm about to
say and i'm going to close this video
when you learn this skill set
it removes fear
of missing out
it removes the fear and anxiety of
failing but it also removes the fear
of inflation
because
this skill set will always outpace
inflation
i don't care if gas is 20 dollars a
gallon
i'm sure i'm gonna drive my corvettes
i have eight cylinder corvettes that i
absolutely will not leave parked i will
drive them and i will enjoy them i don't
care gas can be whatever it wants to be
it's a write-off for me okay
i don't care how much food is going to
cost i hope i i can continuously find it
but
i'm not worried about what my utility
bills are going to cost i don't worry
about what things are going to cost
that skill set that you're learning here
it aids in that
it helps in that notice i'm not
promising you get rich notice i haven't
said that
because i don't want you coming to my
channel thinking i'm promising you to
get rich
but i am promising you a skill set that
offers the opportunity to do limitless
limitless feats and wonders
and it's only limited by your
imagination
how much work you're going to put into
it
how much work have you put into it who
are you allowing to influence you
and discourage you distract you
are you seeing results am i proving this
stuff works
do you feel scammed
or do you feel energized and thankful
that you're part of a community like we
have here that's
thriving
it's energetic
they're happy they're uplifted
they encourage one another
and everyone here knows that they're not
being taken for a ride
there's no upsell coming
doesn't that feel good it frees you up
to just concentrate on learning there's
no
angle
there's no sales pitch coming
isn't that awesome
isn't that cool that's
like
the the point is is you're you're in a
community that we're all trying to help
one another
and all i'm trying to be is the captain
of the team and just lead you in the
right direction and hopefully avoid the
pain and struggles that i went through
real accounts
real money real buttons are being pushed
you are going to find
that there is a lot of opportunity
that you're going to let slip by
and not be upset about it it's going to
be one of the most fun experience
that you're going to have as a
developing and developed
student of price action under me is
you'll see so many setups you're like i
could do this trigger now but i'm not
going to
and then walk away from after it comes
to fruition
thinking
i could have done that and i had the
discipline to say no
because i'm not being influenced by fear
or greed
and when you're at that level
and you're consistent
you have graduated
you are an independent thinker you have
mastered fear and greed
you have
operated with a level of discipline that
is unknown to majority of traders on
youtube
instagram facebook wherever
that day is coming for you
but you got to go through this stuff
here to get to it
it's not hiding from you
i'm not making it hard for you i've
literally taught you everything except
for money management which we'll talk
about next week
and then you have the complete
understanding of what it is you're doing
here
and you're just gonna
do the same thing every day
sometimes you'll get it right some days
you won't when you get it wrong you stop
you don't rush to get it back
you're gonna find the next day sometimes
there it is
which he took as a loss the previous day
comes back sometimes with interest
and that's a good feeling when it
happens it's like well you know i don't
need to worry about it
you know losing trades is like getting a
flat tire
it sucks it costs you a little bit of
money and time delays you from what
you're trying to get to and
accomplish
but it's just a speed bump
cost a little bit of time and money
but it didn't keep you from getting
where you're going it just
created a detour a
delay
but the inevitable happens still
nonetheless you arrive at your
destination your destination here is
excellence and you don't get there
overnight
you get there gradually
one step in front of the other a little
bit here a little bit there sometimes
you have to take a step or two back
get your footing again and resume going
forward and sometimes you'll have to
take a detour once in a while
that's all part of it that's the that's
the growth
that every trader goes through
but when it gets hard for you
when you feel like you want to quit
that's a moment when you need to take a
break take a week off don't watch my
videos they'll be here i'm not taking my
videos down
take a week away from it enjoy another
hobby
and then come back to it fresh
you want this to be enjoyable you do not
want to make it i have to do this it
must work i got to get out of my job
right now because this is going to make
it harder and longer for you to learn it
have fun with it enjoy it
i have to ask a question here and then
obviously by the
number of comments
in either support of it or there's no
interest in it whatever but if you'd be
so kind to let me know in the comments
section if you would like to see me
do a very short
i'm talking like
two minute three minute review
each day where the setups were
for the s p
and or nasdaq i'm not going to do both
of because it takes too much time to do
that
but where were there setups for
you to engage with what i'm teaching you
here in this mentorship
if you'd like to see that as a monday
through friday short little
upload
just let me know in the comment section
below also if you could include also
what your experience has been so far
under my teachings on this youtube
channel has it been a positive
experience for you has it been not so
much of a impact on you or has it been
just simply waffle
maybe i'm you know missing the mark
entirely be honest with me but just be
respectful if if it hasn't been your
cup of tea yeah you can respectfully
tell me that and that's okay i'll just
use your feedback to hopefully try to
dig in a little bit deeper and and maybe
i can find something that helps you or
maybe not i don't know but i'm looking
for feedback and that way you can help
me in that regard in the comment section
below and until i talk to you next time
lord willing on tuesday
enjoy your weekend
and be safe